Around the world, large shipping branches
can receive literature requests
from over 15,000 congregations a month.
When you consider
the number of publications and languages
in which these publications are available,
filling these requests could seem daunting.
So how have we adapted
to meet this ever growing demand?
For decades,
large conveyor systems were iconic
of our shipping departments.
Literature requests moved along belts
and were packaged by brothers and sisters.
However, conveyers operated only as fast
as the slowest worker
and could not expand easily
for growth in additional languages.
So in 2010, the Governing Body approved
a new shipping arrangement called
Pick to Cart.
At first glance, a picking cart
might seem a bit old-fashioned
compared to the conveyor system.
However, a closer look
reveals a different story.
Once a congregation request
is ready to be filled,
a computer program,
which was prepared by our brothers,
calculates and assigns
all of the publications
to a specific number of cartons.
It stipulates which carton size to use,
where the carton should be placed
on the cart,
and which pallet it will eventually land on.
How does this information
get to the person filling the request?
By means of a wireless network,
information appears
on a computer arm terminal
that is worn by each worker.
Additionally, address labels with bar codes
are printed for each carton.
Cartons are placed on a cart
according to the direction shown
on the arm terminal.
Then, by means of bar-code scanning,
the setup of the cart
is verified for accuracy.
The arm terminal directs
our brother or sister
to the correct pick location,
displays the quantity needed for each item,
and even indicates
which box to put the item in.
The bar code on the cart
is then scanned for verification
or possible errors.
Once all of the items are verified,
packing lists are generated automatically.
Bar-code scanning verifies
that the packing lists
are placed into the correct carton,
and pallets are prepared
for shipment to the congregations.
The Pick to Cart software monitors each pick
from each picking location.
When needed, the software
automatically sends an electronic request
to replenish the shelves with new literature
so that the worker
always has literature available
to fill congregation requests.
The nine branches
currently using Pick to Cart
have already experienced many benefits.
One is speed.
With the use of carts,
individuals can move separately
at their own pace.
This has resulted
in approximately 100 fewer workers
in the branches using Pick to Cart
around the world.
Compared to other technologies,
the installation of the Pick to Cart system
is inexpensive and can easily be expanded
to support additional publications
and languages.
Previously, in many branches, each carton
had to be double-checked manually
before sealing.
However, this step is now eliminated
because of the accuracy
of bar-code scanning.
The Pick to Cart process
has simplified and unified
shipping operations worldwide.
Most important,
it fills a vital role in ensuring
that our brothers and sisters
in the congregations
receive the exact literature
that they request
for use in their preaching work.
The publications put into these carts
are reaching hearts all over the world.
You can call it “from cart to heart.”